PLANNER-2911 Upgrade to Hibernate 6 (#2701)
kiegroup/optaplanner: optaplanner-docs/src/modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes/release-notes-8.adoc

[[releaseNotes-8.x]]
== OptaPlanner 8.x Release Notes

[[releaseNotes-8.37.0.Final]]
=== OptaPlanner 8.37.0.Final

==== AbstractScoreHibernateType and its subtypes become deprecated

The `AbstractScoreHibernateType` as well as all its subtypes have been deprecated. The parallel OptaPlanner 9
releases are going to introduce Hibernate 6, which unfortunately breaks backward compatibility
of the `CompositeUserType` that the `AbstractScoreHibernateType` depends on.

The `AbstractScoreHibernateType` and its subtypes remain available in the OptaPlanner 8 releases to provide

> integration with Hibernate 5 but will be removed in the OptaPlanner 9.37.0.Beta release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
integration with Hibernate 5 but have been removed from the equivalent the OptaPlanner 9.x release.
```

of the `CompositeUserType` that the `AbstractScoreHibernateType` depends on.

The `AbstractScoreHibernateType` and its subtypes remain available in the OptaPlanner 8 releases to provide

> integration with Hibernate 5 but have been removed from the equivalent the OptaPlanner 9.x release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
integration with Hibernate 5 but have been removed from the equivalent OptaPlanner 9.x release.
```

Oops.
